feat: manage marketplace with miactl (#633)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/marketplace/add_to_marketplace/declarative_marketplace.md

This usage allows for centralized management of your Marketplace, enabling supervised control of the state of your resources. It also extends the possibility of contribution to users without the necessary permissions (e.g., the use of Pull Requests/Merge Requests supervised by a maintainer).

## Setup a Custom Declarative Journey

Here we explain how you can implement a Custom Declarative Journey.

### Requirements

1. Git Provider
2. CI/CD Tool
3. a [Service Account](/development_suite/identity-and-access-management/manage-service-accounts.md)

:::info

For a thorough explanation on supported Providers and how to configure them in the Console, [consult this guide](/console/company-configuration/providers/configure-provider.mdx)

:::

### Creation of the repository

Imagine you already have some Marketplace items and their relative file manifest, ready to be deployed to the Console.

> 

Reviewer: might be better something like `relative file manifests` ?

│   │   ├── 📁 order_processing
│   │   │   ├── 📄 order_processing_config.yml
│   │   ├── 📁 notification_service
│   │   │   ├── 📄 notification_service_config.yml
│   │   ├── 📁 logging_system
│   │   │   ├── 📄 logging_system_config.json
├── 📁 templates
│   ├── 📁 nodejs_template
│   │   ├── 📄 nodejs_template_config.json
│   ├── 📁 python_flask_template
│   │   ├── 📄 python_flask_template_config.json
│   ├── 📁 java_springboot_template
│   │   ├── 📄 java_springboot_template_config.json
├── 📁 examples
│   ├── 📁 user_management_example
│   │   ├── 📄 user_management_example_config.yml
├── 📁 applications
│   ├── 📁 ecommerce_application
│   │   ├── 📄 ecommerce_application_config.yml
```

The item names are purely indicative, this example is only to explain a potential use-case.

The JSON and YAML files above follow the structure explained [in the related documentation](/marketplace/add_to_marketplace/manage_marketplace_items.md).

Here is an example of the Inventory System plugin config file:

```json
{
    "name" : "Inventory System",
    "itemId" : "inventory-system",
    "description" : "The Inventory System takes charge of a perfect inventory organization.",
    "type" : "plugin",

>     "categoryId": "",

Reviewer: Do we need to specify the category or explain how to use it?

Author: I am in doubt about it. Given the current restriction I don't know what to explain, maybe we put the category `extracategory`?

Reviewer: I agree with extracategory for the moment

Author: ```suggestion
    "categoryId": "extracategory",
```

    },
    "supportedByImage" : {
        "localPath": "../../../images/acme_company.png"
    },
    "categoryId" : "inventory",
    "documentation" : {
        "type" : "externalLink",
        "url" : "https://example.com/docs/inventory-system"
    },
    "repositoryUrl" : "https://gitlab.example.org/inventory-system",
    "resources" : {
        "services" : {
            "inventory-system" : {
                "type" : "plugin",
                "name" : "inventory-system",
                "dockerImage" : "example.org/inventory-system:1.0.0",
                "componentId" : "inventory-system",
                "defaultDocumentationPath" : "/documentation/json",
                "containerPorts" : [
                    {
                        "name" : "http",
                        "from" : 80,
                        "to" : 3000,
                        "protocol" : "TCP"
                    }
                ],
                "defaultLogParser": "mia-json"
            }
        }
    },
    "tenantId" : "acme-company",
    "supportedBy" : "Acme-Company",
    "visibility" : {
        "public" : false,
        "allTenants": true

>     }

Reviewer: I would avoid, in the example, restricted metadata fields

>     "tenantId" : "acme-company",
>     "supportedBy" : "Acme-Company",
>     "visibility" : {
>         "public" : false,
>         "allTenants": true
>     }

Author: ```suggestion
    "tenantId" : "acme-company"
```

- `CONSOLE_ENDPOINT`: the base url of your Console installation.
- `COMPANY_ID`: the Company ID where you want the Marketplace Items to be created in.

## An example of interaction with the repository

Acme Corporation uses the Console as its Internal Development Platform.

Developers of the Company can open Merge Requests to the Marketplace Git repository created above, and Maintainers can approve and merge the MRs.

Imagine that a developer of Acme Corporation creates the Inventory System plugin, as in the example above.
They now want to add this plugin to their company. 

### The Merge Request process

In order to do so, they can open a Merge Request to the Gitlab Repository created above: 

![Declarative-CJ-Merge-Request](img/declarative_mr.png)

Once the MR is merged, the pipeline start applying the items in the repository; among them we can see that the Inventory System has been inserted successfully:

![Declarative-CJ-Pipeline-Log](img/declarative_pipeline_log.png)

Let's now assume that a developer spots a mistake in the plugin description. Similarly, they can open a Merge Request that addresses the error:

![Declarative-CJ-fix-MR](img/declarative_fix_mr.png)

> After a maintainer merges the changes, a new pipeline is run, this time resulting in an Update of the item:

Reviewer: After a maintainer merges the changes, a new pipeline is triggered, leading to an update of the item.

Author: ```suggestion
After a maintainer merges the changes, a new pipeline is triggered, leading to an update of the item.
```

![Declarative-CJ-fix-Pipeline-Log](img/declarative_fix_pipeline_log.png)

### Verify the item on the Marketplace

From now on, the Marketplace item will be available in the Console:

![Inventory-System](img/inventory_system.png)

> Users of the Console can create and add this plugin in the Console Projects.

Reviewer: Console users can create and add this plugin to their Console projects.
